attention time i love my life switzerland
had lowered so nice thank you
a lot
you do a thousand times better than me
you do it a lot better than me
So here is a bike a girl a sponge
of that fact
[Music]
olala sleeps alone it's used to that in fact to
getting hit on the back yes he has
nearly crashed the highway
nothing is not because she micro I
make comments thor and means you
make a nice picture with me
ennahdha but the bike is nice and you
will not see me again by smos and hop there
drinks more dull and there hop had more than
music
so
hop
yeah
[Music]
6-6 and worries its red the norm and
it's good it flashes red enormously
on the top here it is that it is good
it's very very good indeed done
the man and no but here it is I come
heart throbbing what is she
was his this motorcycle
yeah yeah I'm going to fall in
apples I pay attention because I love
my swiss life had thank you very much
no it's good it's good I'm going to fall
in the apples hi to all and sir
marty
here is my method to clean the bike
I had seen a lot of methods on
Internet
I even saw tutorials I told myself I
will share with you the clean
method I do not know if you like it or
not in any case I liked it
I take this opportunity to thank and the 100
first subscribers in this video a little
special for the first 100
imagine what could be if we
had ten thousand people I was
understand basically thanks to all my
subscribers and if you want to see more
videos of this style me I you can
not every day but you can you
subscribe if you want to go chat